Henry Schein
================
What You’ll Be Doing

Build solutions end-to-end: analyse, design, code, create pipelines, automate tests, automate deployments, monitor, enhance, and maintain. We advocate the “you build it, you run it” DevOps mantra.
Develop secure and resilient integrations across multiple hybrid systems (including cloud APIs to on-prem systems).
Collaborate with product owners, engineers, and stakeholders on delivering high-quality solutions that make a difference to our customers.
Continuously learn and drive your professional growth.
Write readable and highly maintainable code.
Read and analyse existing code and solutions.
Identify opportunities to incrementally improve our code following the boy-scout rule: “Leave your code better than you found it”.
Code reviews and pair programming.
Develop tools or automation that accelerate the development process whilst improving the developer experience.

What You’ll Be Working On

Our industry leading cloud practice management system: https://www.dentrixascend.com/
Migration to our modern technology stack
Building solutions that deliver delightful user experiences to our Customer Support

Your Technical Skills

Senior-level proficiency in .NET 8 or higher, C#, and SQL. Experience with other languages is a great plus.
Expert-level cloud development skills in AWS and/or Azure. Proficient in building well-architected cloud-based solutions that are secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient.
Mastery of software engineering best practices, especially in the areas of asynchronous programming, exception handling, and performance optimization, with the ability to guide others in these areas.
Solid knowledge of API development (Minimal APIs, REST, gRPC), Authentication and Authorization, containerisation, service orchestration, distributed systems, databases (SQL Server or Postgres), CI/CD pipelines, unit testing, integration testing, infrastructure-as-code (Terraform or Bicep), and observability (OpenTelemetry).
Extensive experience in conducting comprehensive code reviews. This includes the ability to critically analyse code, articulate specific, well-reasoned feedback, and engage in productive solution refinement.

Your personal attributes

You take ownership and get things done, driving projects with a bias for action and a commitment to delivering value incrementally.
You learn rapidly from setbacks and adapt your approach to continuously improve.
You transform ambiguous problems and abstract ideas — not rigid specifications — into delightful, high-quality, and remarkably simple solutions. You are driven by true craftsmanship, creativity, and a relentless pursuit of excellence in everything you build.
You possess a genuine passion for continuous learning and self-improvement. You actively seek and value diverse perspectives, recognizing the limitations of your own viewpoint.
You champion a "One Team" philosophy, effective in working with multiple teams towards shared goals. You believe in transparent collaboration, actively engaging with the team through huddles, interactive reviews, and whiteboarding.
You have strong opinions, loosely held — you thrive in technical discussions, confidently propose and debate ideas, and drive well-reasoned solutions to help the team achieve the best outcomes. You're not one to just go with the flow; you help drive us forward.
You are self-motivated, consistently seeking opportunities to contribute more, and take on greater responsibilities to propel the team forward. 
You demonstrate strong interpersonal awareness, understanding team dynamics and the impact of your interactions.